Add M1 multiplier event planning document (#19)
open-education-hub/open-education-hub-site: website/docs/events/multiplier-event-1.md

# Multiplier Event 1: Pre-launch of 1st content

- Date: 27.10.2022
- Time: 9:00 - 14:00 EEST
- Place: Room PR 105, Faculty of Automatic Control and Computer Science, POLITEHNICA University of Bucharest

> ## Initial Presentation: 9:00 - 11:30

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Initial Presentation: 9:00 - 11:00
```

Author: You are highly optimistic that we can talk for only ~24 minutes each, questions included. You in particular :)))

The team and community members will hold presentations regarding the purpose and aims of Open Education Hub, our mission and ideals.
The team will go over the following topics:

- Overview of the project (Răzvan Deaconescu)
- Methodology (Răzvan Nițu)
- Content (Teodor Duțu)
- Infrastructure (Sergiu Weisz)
- Community (Liza Babu)

Each talk aims to take around 20 minutes, followed by 10 minutes for questions and discussions.

> 

Reviewer: Add a 30 minutes coffee break, 11:00-11:30

## Demo from the Open Education Hub Team: 11:30 - 12:00

> In this part we will showcase how to create a repository under the [Open Education Hub orgainsation](https://github.com/open-education-hub/) using our templates and how to contribute to it via pull requests and in accordance to our methodology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this part we will showcase how to create a repository under the [Open Education Hub organization](https://github.com/open-education-hub/) using our templates and how to contribute to it via pull requests and in accordance to our methodology.
```

## Practical Workshop: 12:00 - 13:00

> Participants will create their own repositories within the the [Open Education Hub orgainsation](https://github.com/open-education-hub/) and start developing content in order to familiarise themselves with our workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Participants will create their own repositories within the the [Open Education Hub organization](https://github.com/open-education-hub/) and start developing content in order to familiarize themselves with our workflow.
```

# Multiplier Event 1: Pre-launch of 1st content

- Date: 27.10.2022
- Time: 9:00 - 14:00 EEST
- Place: Room PR 105, Faculty of Automatic Control and Computer Science, POLITEHNICA University of Bucharest

## Initial Presentation: 9:00 - 11:00

> The team and community members will hold presentations regarding the purpose and aims of Open Education Hub, our mission and ideals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The team and community members will host talks regarding the purpose and aims of Open Education Hub.
```

I cut some of it, it seems too much.

> The team will go over the following topics:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will go over the following topics:
```

- Overview of the project (Răzvan Deaconescu)
- Methodology (Răzvan Nițu)
- Content (Teodor Duțu)
- Infrastructure (Sergiu Weisz)
- Community (Liza Babu)

> Each talk aims to take no more than 20 minutes, followed by 5 - 10 minutes for questions and discussions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each talk aims to take 10-20 minutes, followed by 5 - 10 minutes for questions and discussions.
```

> ## Coffee Break: 11:00 - 11:30

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Coffee Break: 10:30 - 11:00
```

Author: 10:30 seems like wishful thinking, but let's try it.

This will be an opportunity for more in-depth and informal discussions regarding the topics presented so far.

> ## Demo from the Open Education Hub Team: 11:30 - 12:00

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Demo of Open Education Hub: 11:00 - 11:30
```

> In this part we will showcase how to create a repository under the [Open Education Hub organization](https://github.com/open-education-hub/) using our templates and how to contribute to it via pull requests and in accordance to our methodology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this part we will showcase how to create a repository under the [Open Education Hub organization](https://github.com/open-education-hub/) using our templates and how to contribute to it via pull requests and in accordance to [the Open Education Hub methodology](https://github.com/open-education-hub/methodology).
```

> ## Practical Workshop: 12:00 - 13:00

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Practical Workshop: 11:30 - 13:00
```

> Participants will create their own repositories within the the [Open Education Hub organization](https://github.com/open-education-hub/) and start developing content in order to familiarize themselves with our workflow.

Reviewer: I wouldn't create them in the organization. They can be "hosted" by Open Education Hub once they pass certain criteria (that we have yet to write down).

Reviewer: I would reword this as participants are "encouraged". And tell they would require a laptop. (Wireless) Internet access will be provided.

But participants can also just help others, or engage the Open Education Hub team. I wouldn't "require" them to create content / repositories.

I think the most important part is for them to reproduce the build / deployment of the Operating Systems class. That I think is the most important part. The creation of another repository I would mark as optional.

> The participants will be required to prepare a few ideas for what content create in advance: general theme, main points they would .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We ask participants to prepare a few ideas about the repository they want to create.
```

> They will have to think about topics such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please consider topics such as:
```

> - general theme and subject of their repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- general theme and subject of your repository
```

> - the main ideas / points they would like to deliver to the future students learning the material created by them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- main ideas / points you would like to deliver to future students
```
